README.md, before:

~Google~ Golem Style Guides
===================

Every major open-source project has its own style guide: a set of conventions
(sometimes arbitrary) about how to write code for that project. It is much
easier to understand a large codebase when all the code in it is in a
consistent style.

“Style” covers a lot of ground, from “use camelCase for variable names” to
“never use global variables” to “never use exceptions.” This project
([golemfactory/styleguide](https://github.com/golemfactory/styleguide)) links to the
style guidelines we use for Golem code. If you are modifying a project that
originated at Golem, you may be pointed to this page to see the style guides
that apply to that project.


The style guides in this project are licensed under the CC-By 3.0 License,
which encourages you to share these documents.
See https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/ for more details.

The following Golem style guides live outside of this project:
[Logging guidelines][log].

<a rel="license" href="https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/"><img alt="Creative Commons License" style="border-width:0" src="https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by/3.0/88x31.png" /></a>

[log]: https://github.com/golemfactory/golem-internal/wiki/Logging-guidelines

Commit message:

restored correct link to pyguide

README.md, after:

~Google~ Golem Style Guides
===================

Every major open-source project has its own style guide: a set of conventions
(sometimes arbitrary) about how to write code for that project. It is much
easier to understand a large codebase when all the code in it is in a
consistent style.

“Style” covers a lot of ground, from “use camelCase for variable names” to
“never use global variables” to “never use exceptions.” This project
([golemfactory/styleguide](https://github.com/golemfactory/styleguide)) links to the
style guidelines we use for Golem code. If you are modifying a project that
originated at Golem, you may be pointed to this page to see the style guides
that apply to that project.

This project holds the [Python Style Guide][py].

The style guides in this project are licensed under the CC-By 3.0 License,
which encourages you to share these documents.
See https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/ for more details.

The following Golem style guides live outside of this project:
[Logging guidelines][log].

<a rel="license" href="https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/"><img alt="Creative Commons License" style="border-width:0" src="https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by/3.0/88x31.png" /></a>

[py]: /pyguide.md
[log]: https://github.com/golemfactory/golem-internal/wiki/Logging-guidelines
